L1

Leeward Battle Line

Hold: Play in Battle to halve all Missile Hits (round up) to Friendly Lords, unless enemy <i>Leeward Battle Line</i>.

Culverins and Falconets

At start of Round 1 of Battle, this Lord may discard this card to add 1 die roll of Missile Hits.

L2

Flank Attack

Hold: Play to Intercept without rolling and become Attacker in that Battle.

Culverins and Falconets

At start of Round 1 of Battle, this Lord may discard this card to add 1 die roll of Missile Hits.

L3

Escape Ship

Hold: Play upon Death check if Lancastrian Route (4.5.1) (4.5.1) to Port for any Routed Lancastrians to go into Exile instead.

Muster'd my soldiers
Gather'd flocks of friends

Each Battle at a Friendly Stronghold, this Lord adds 2 Men-at-Arms and 1 Longbowmen. Remove them after Battle.

L4

Be sent for
to return from France with speed

This Levy Muster Lancastrian Exiles from anywhere on the Calendar.

Heralds

This Lord at Port may use full Command card for an Influence check. If successful, shift a Lord cylinder on Calendar to next Turn.

L5

Suspicion
always haunts the guilty mind

Hold: Play in Battle for participating Lancastrian Lord to check Influence. Success Disbands 1 Yorkist Lord at Yorkist Lord at Battle with lower Influence Rating.

Church Blessing

This Lord's Men-at-Arms have Armour 1-4.

L6

Seamanship

This Campaign Lancastrians may Sail for just 1 Command action.

Great Ships

This Lord's Ships count double for Sail and Supply and connect all Ports of all Seas.

L7

For trust not him

Hold: Play in Battle for a participating Lord to attempt to Levy (3.4.3) a regular Enemy Vassal at Battle onto the Lord's own mat.

Harbingers

This Lord's Supply actions draw twice the usual Provender.

L8

Forced Marches

This Campaign lone Lancastrian Lords (not Groups) March on Road as if Highway.

Hay Wains

This Lord's Carts count double for March and Supply.

L9

Rising Wages

This Levy Yorkist Lords must pay 1 Coin per Levy Troops action.

Quartermasters

This Lord Levies Troops without Depleting or Exhausting Strongholds.

L10

New Act of Parliament

This Campaign Yorkist Parley takes entire Command card.

Chamberlains

This Lord's Supply and Levy Troops do not Deplete the Stronghold at his or her Vassals' Seats.

L11

Blocked Ford

Hold: Play upon Approach to prevent Exile (all Lords there Battle).

In the Name of the King
Sealed royal letter

This Lord has Influence +1 for Parley.

L12

Ravine

Hold: Play on an Enemy Lord in Battle. Round 1, ignore that Lord for Engage and Strike.

Commission of Array

This Lord can Levy Troops from adjacent Friendly Strongholds where no Enemy Lord.

L13

Aspielles
Lancastrian spies

Hold: Play to inspect all Yorkist Held cards and 1 Hidden Yorkist Lord mat (1.5.3).

Expert Counsellors

This Lord has Valour +2.

L14

Scots

Each Lancastrian Lord on map may add up to 1 Men-at-Arms and 1 Militia to his or her mat.

Percy's Power

While this Lord is in the North, Lancastrian Pay (3.2) there is free.

L15

Henry Pressures Parliament

Yorkist lose 1 Influence point per Vassal they currently have Mustered.

King's Parley

Upon Yorkist Approach to this Lord, discard this card to cancel that Approach and end Command card.

L16

Warden of the Marches

Hold: Play upon Death check in the North. Move any Routed Lancastrians to a Friendly Stronghold there instead of rolling Death or Disband.

Northmen

Each Tides of War, Lancastrians Dominate the North with this Lord and 3+ Friendly Strongholds there.

L17

My crown is in my heart

This Levy Henry VI may Parley twice for 0 Lordship (with Influence checks).

Margaret
takes the reins

Each Tides of War, this Lord at a Stronghold outside London or in an Exile box adds +2 Lancastrian Influence points.

L18

Parliament Votes

This Levy 1 Parley action by each Lancastrian Lord costs less by -1 Influence point and automatically succeeds.

Council Member

Each Tides of War, this Lord adds +1 Lancastrian Influence point.

L19

Henry's Proclamation

Yorkists shift all their Vassals' Calendar markers to the current Turn box.

Andrew Trollope

This Lord Levies Special Vassal Trollope (free) and has Valour +1.

L20

Parliament Truce

Hold: Play to prohibit all Approach and Intercept for the rest of this Campaign.

Veteran of French Wars

This Lord has Valour +2.

L21

French Fleet

This Campaign Yorkist Lords may not Sail.

My Father's Blood

This Lord Levies Special Vassal Clifford (free) and has Valour +1.

L22

French Troops

Add 2 Men-at-Arms and 2 Militia to a Lancastrian Lord at a Port.

Stafford Estates

At outset of each Campaign, this Lord receives 1 Coin and 1 Provender.

L23

Warwick's Propaganda

Select 3 Yorkist Strongholds. For each, Yorkists either pay 2 Influence points or remove Favour.

Montagu

This Lord Levies Special Vassal Montagu (free), and his Retinue has Armour 1-5.

L24

Warwick's Propaganda

Select 3 Yorkist Strongholds. For each, Yorkists either pay 2 Influence points or remove Favour.

Married to a Neville

This Lord at a Friendly Locale with Warwick has Influence +2 and Command +1.

L25

Welsh Rebellion

Remove 2 Troops from each Yorkist Lord in Wales OR, if no Yorkist Lords there, 2 Yorkist Favour from Wales.

Welsh Lord

Each Battle in Wales, this Lord adds 2 Longbowmen. Remove them after Battle.

L26

Henry Released

If London Favours Lancastrians, add 5 Lancastrian Influence points.

Edward
Prince of Wales

This Lord Levies Special Vassal Edward (free) and has Valour +1.

L27

L'Universelle Aragne
Louis XI of France, a cunning King

Select 2 Yorkist Mustered Yorkist Mustered Vassals. Their Lords check Influence for each - failure Disbands the Vassal.

Barded Horse

This Lord's Retinue and his or her Vassals have Armour 1-3 against Missile but Armour 1-5 against Melee.

L28

Rebel Supply Depot

Hold: Play after a Lord or Group Marches or Sails to a Port for them to receive 4 Provender and ignore their next Feed.

Loyal Somerset

This Lord at the same Locale as Margaret has Influence +1 and Valour +1.

L29

To wilful disobedience
and rebel!

Remove Yorkist Favour from 2 Strongholds at or adjacent to a Lancastrian Lord and not at or adjacent to Yorkist Lords.

High Admiral

This Lord can Sail to Ports where Enemy Lord(s), triggering Approach (4.3.5).

L30

French War Loans

Add 1 Coin and 1 Provender to each Lancastrian Lord on map.

Merchants

This Lord for 1 Command action and successful Influence check removes 2 Depleted or Exhausted at his location and/or adjacent.

L31

Robin's Rebellion

Place and/or remove up to 3 Favour total in the North.

Yeomen of the Crown

If this Lord's Retinue fails an Armour roll, she may instead Rout 1 of her Unrouted Men-at-arms units.

L32

Tudor Banners

If Henry Tudor is at a Friendly Stronghold, mark all adjacent Strongholds that are free of Yorkist Lords with Lancastrian Favour.

Two Roses
Henry Tudor, married to a York, enjoys Lancastrian support.

This Lord's Vassal Levy always succeeds

L33

Surprise Landing

Hold: Play after Sailing to a Port to add a free March action.

Philibert de Chandée
French royal envoy

Each Battle at or adjacent to Friendly English Channel Port, this Lord adds 2 Men-at-Arms. Remove them after Battle.

L34

Buckingham's Plot
backfires

This Levy each Yorkist Vassal Levy costs +2 extra Influence points.

Piquiers
French pikemen

This Lord's Men-at-Arms and Militia have Armour 1-4 until 3 of them Rout.

L35

Margaret Beaufort
Henry Tudor's mother

This Levy Henry Tudor may attempt to Levy any Vassals on the map.

Thomas Stanley

This Lord Levies Special Vassal Stanley (free). Once per Levy, he can Levy Troops for 0 Lordship.

L36

Talbot to the Rescue

Hold: Play upon Death check to Disband any Routed Lancastrians instead of rolling for Death.

Chevaliers
French knights

This Lord's Men-at-Arms suffer -1 Armour against Missiles but Melee Strike x2.

L37

The Earl of Richmond
is with a mighty power landed at Milford

This Levy Lancastrian Vassal Levy always succeeds.

Madame La Grande
Louis XI's daughter Anne finances Tudors

Each Pay segment (3.2) that this Lord at or adjacent to a Friendly English Channel Port, he receives 1 Coin.
