Y1

Leeward Battle Line

Hold: Play in Battle to halve all Missile Hits (round up) to Friendly Lords, unless Enemy Leeward Battle Line.

Culverins and Falconets

At start of Round 1 of Battle, this Lord may discard this card to add 1 die roll of Missile Hits.

Y2

Flank Attack

Hold: Play to Intercept without rolling and become Attacker in that Battle.

Culverins and Falconets

At start of Round 1 of Battle, this Lord may discard this card to add 1 die roll of Missile Hits.

Y3

Escape Ship

Hold: Play upon Death check if Yorkist Route (4.5.1) to Port for any Routed Yorkists to go into Exile instead.

Muster'd my soldiers
Gather'd flocks of friends

Each Battle at a Friendly Stronghold, this Lord adds 2 Men-at-Arms and 1 Longbowmen. Remove them after Battle.

Y4

Jack Cade
Rebel leader calls himself a Mortimer

This Levy Yorkist Lords in or adjacent to Yorkist Dominated Areas each add 2 free successful Parleys.

We done deeds of charity

Each Tides of War, this Lord may pay 1 or 2 Provender (may Share) for +1 Influence point each.

Y5

Suspicion
always haunts the guilty mind

Hold: Play in Battle for participating Yorkist Lord to check Influence. Success Disbands 1 Lancastrian Lord at Battle with lower Influence rating.

Thomas Bourchier
Archbishop of Canterbury

This Lord starts in any Friendly City Command +1.

Y6

Seamanship

This Campaign Yorkists may Sail for just 1 Command action.

Great Ships

This Lord's Ships count double for Sail and Supply and connect all Ports of all Seas for Parley, Supply, and Tax.

Y7

Yorkists Block Parliament

This Levy Lancastrians may not Levy Vassals except by Event.

Harbingers

This Lord's Supply actions draw twice the usual Provender.

Y8

Exile Pact

This Campaign Yorkist Lords may use a Command action to place their cylinder into a Friendly Exile box (at no Influence cost).

England is my Home

When going into Exile, this Lord instead Disbands to the next Calendar box.

Y9

Escape Ship

Hold: Play upon Death check if Yorkist Route (4.5.1) to Port for any Routed Yorkists to go into Exile instead.

Barricades

At Friendly Strongholds, this Lord's Men-at-Arms have Armour 1-4 and Longbowmen and Militia have Armour 1-2.

Y10

Tax Collectors

Each Yorkist Lord may immediately conduct a Tax action to receive twice the usual Coin.

Agitators

This Lord can use a Command action to Deplete an adjacent Neutral or Enemy Stronghold or flip Depleted there to Exhausted.

Y11

Blocked Ford

Hold: Play upon Approach to prevent Exile (all Lords there Battle).

Yorkists Never Wait

This Lord Marches alone (not in a Group) on Road as if Highway.

Y12

Parliament's Truce

Hold: Play to prohibit all Approach and Intercept for the rest of this Campaign.

Soldiers of Fortune

When Levying Troops, this Lord may pay 1 Coin to also add 2 Mercenaries (from pool).

Y13

Aspielles
Yorkist spies

Hold: Play to inspect all Lancastrian Held cards and 1 Hidden Lancastrian Lord mat (1.5.3).

Scourers

This Lord's Forage actions always add +1 extra Provender.

Y14

Richard of York
Lord Protector

This Levy Yorkist Influence ratings +1 for Parley.

Burgundians

This Lord at any Port adds 2 Handgunners (once, maximum).

Y15

London for York

If Yorkist Favour at London, add a second Favour there - London changes Favour only by Event or Pillage.

Naval Blockade

This Lord at a Port cancels Lancastrian actions using Ports on that Sea unless a roll of 1-2.

Y16

The Commons

This Levy each Yorkist Levy Troops action may add up to 2 Militia extra (from pool).

Beloved Warwick

This Lord can Levy Troops for 5 Militia (from pool) instead of the Stronghold's listed Troops.

Y17

She-Wolf of France
Queen without dowry

Shift each Yorkist Vassal's Calendar marker 1 box right.

Alice Montagu

This Lord's Vassals have +1 Service and are immune to For trust not him.

Y18

Succession
Richard declared Henry's heir

This Levy 1 Parley action by each Yorkist Lord costs less by -1 Influence point and automatically succeeds.

Irishmen

This Lord in Ireland or at Port on Irish Sea can Levy Troops for 5 Militia (from pool) total, no Depletion or Exhaustion.

Y19

Caltrops

Hold: Play in Battle to add +2 Melee Hits against the Enemy each Round.

Welshmen

Each Tides of War, Yorkists Dominate Wales with this Lord and 3+ Friendly Strongholds there.

Y20

Yorkist Parade

Hold: Play if London Friendly and York or Warwick there. This Levy Yorkist Influence ratings +2.

York's Favoured Son

This Lord has Influence +1 and Command +1

Y21

Sir Richard Leigh
Yorkist Mayor of London

Remove Lancastrian Favour from London or, if neutral, place Yorkist Favour there.

Southerners

Each Tides of War, Yorkists Dominate the South with this Lord and 5+ Friendly Strongholds there.

Y22

Loyalty and Trust

This Levy any 1 Yorkist Lord has Lordship +3.

Fair Arbiter

This Lord at a Friendly Locale has Influence +1 and Lordship +1.

Y23

Charles the Bold
Edward IV's brother-in-law

Add 1 Coin and 1 Provender to each Yorkist Lord on map.

Burgundians

This Lord at any Port receives 2 Handgunners (once, maximum).

Y24

Sun in Splendour

Hold: Play in Levy if Edward IV on Calendar (even as Exile) to Muster him at any Friendly Locale where no Lancastrian Lord.

Hastings

This Lord Levies Special Vassal Hastings (free), adds 2 Men-at-Arms units, and has Command +1.

Y25

Owain Glyndwr
Welsh hold rebel in memory

This Campaign no Lancastrian March or Sail to any Strongholds in Wales.

Pembroke

Each Battle in Wales, this Lord adds 2 Longbowmen. Remove them after Battle.

Y26

Dubious Clarence
The weakest brother

If Edward IV on map, he may check Influence to Disband Clarence.

Fallen Brother

If Clarence is Dead or Shipwrecked, this Lord has Influence +2 and Lordship +1.

Y27

Yorkist North

Gain 1 Influence point for each Yorkist Stronghold and each Yorkist Lord in the North.

Percy's North

Each Battle in the North, this Lord adds 4 Militia. Remove them after Battle.

Y28

Gloucester as Heir

This Levy Gloucester may Parley +3 times for 0 Lordship.

First Son
Edward, son of Edward IV

Each Tides of War, Yorkists add +1 extra Influence point.

Y29

Dorset
The Staffords' lesser branch

This Campaign Devon at Exeter Parleys for no Influence cost and automatic success.

Stafford Branch
Duke of Buckingham's family

Exeter and adjacent Strongholds add 1 more Provender or Coin than usual to this Lord's Supply or Tax.

Y30

Regroup

Hold: Play in Battle for a Lord once to roll each of his Routed Troops' (modified) Protection for them to recover.

Captain

This Lord is a Marshal in any Locales where no Friendly Marshal or Lieutenant.

Y31

Earl Rivers
Woodville family head

Add up to 2 Militia to each Yorkist Lord on map.

Woodvilles
Powerbrokers under Edward IV

This Lord Levies Troops without Depleting or Exhausting Strongholds.

Y32

The King's Name
is a tower of strength

This Levy Gloucester (not Richard III) may cancel each successful Lancastrian Levy action by paying 1 Influence point.

Final Charge

As Richard III (not Gloucester) this Lord's Retinue once per Melee Strike may suffer +1 Hit to add +3 extra Hits against Enemy.

Y33

Edward V

This Levy Gloucester (not Richard III) has +3 Lordship.

Bloody thou art,
bloody will be thy end

When this Lord as Richard III (not Gloucester) wins a Battle, skip Death checks. All Routed Lancastrian Lords Die.

Y34

An honest tale speeds best
being plainly told

Through end of this Campaign (including in Levy), each Lancastrian Parley costs +1 extra Influence point.

So wise, so young

Each Tax by this Lord as Gloucester adds +1 extra Coin. Discard if Richard III.

Y35

Privy Council

This Levy all Yorkist Influence ratings +1.

Kingdom United

Each Battle in the North, South, or Wales, this Lord as Gloucester adds 3 Militia. Remove them after Battle. Discard if Richard III.

Y36

Swift Maneuver

Hold: Play in Battle. Whenever a Lancastrian Retinue Routs, if desired, immediately end the Round.

Vanguard

In Battle, this Lord may choose his Engagement to be the only one fought in Round 1.

Y37

Patrick de la Mote
Chief Cannoneer, Master Founder

Hold: Play in Battle for Yorkist Culverins and Falconets to add 2 dice of Hits (not just 1 die).

Percy's North

Each Battle, this Lord with a Route (3.4.1) to Carlisle adds 2 Men-at-Arms. Remove them after Battle.

